v2 volume: change default hugepage to 2048 MiB (#837)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.6.0/spdk/prerequisites.md

### Memory

> SPDK utilizes huge pages to enhance performance and minimize memory overhead. To enable the usage of huge pages, it is necessary to configure 2MiB-sized huge pages on each Longhorn node. Specifically, **1024 pages (equivalent to a total of 2 GiB)** need to be available on each Longhorn node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SPDK leverages huge pages for enhancing performance and minimizing memory overhead. You must configure 2 MiB-sized huge pages on each Longhorn node to enable usage of huge pages. Specifically, 1024 pages (equivalent to a total of 2 GiB) must be available on each Longhorn node.
```
